Document `--git-diff-filter`, `--git-diff-base`, `--logger-github` tions (#183)
infection/site: src/guide/command-line-options.md

infection.phar --coverage=build/coverage
```

### `--git-diff-filter`

Allows filtering files to mutate by using `git diff` with `--diff-filter` option. Sensible values are: `AM` - added and modified files. `A` - only added files.

> Can be used on CI, e.g. with GitHub Actions, TravisCI and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Best to be used during pull request builds on CI, e.g. with GitHub Actions, Travis CI and so on.
```

Usage:

```bash
infection.phar --git-diff-filter=A
```

> This command will mutate only those files, that were added in the Pull Request. The diff is done between the current branch and `origin/master`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command will mutate only those files, that were added in the Pull Request. The diff is done between the current branch and the base branch.
```
New repos on GH use `main` branch by default, [so will the Git itself](https://github.com/git/git/commit/a15ad5d1bc23f3a6842360df5ee840b1dc3e4888).

> It's possible to configure the base branch, see [`--git-diff-base`](/guide/command-line-options.html#git-diff-base) option

### `--git-diff-base`

Supposed to be used only with [`--git-diff-filter`](/guide/command-line-options.html#git-diff-filter) option. Configures the base branch for `git diff` command.

Usage:

```bash

> infection.phar --git-diff-base=origin/main --git-diff-filter=AM

Reviewer: A note about `git fetch --depth=1 origin main`?
